be with you here in cnn thanks for joining us
thank you very much for having us here
well let's talk precisely
a new release a fragrance
for you there is nothing new then it is something that will not happen overnight to the
tomorrow we could talk about the development process
I a dad
well I always more or less compare it as
it's not a movie
first have an idea
and of sedapal being common
1 a woman bikinis script
because he likes to be as good as his concerns
who reads a little
a fairly extensive script
The decision of Saleh is following the idea and we started to work
in the jar
in the pac in kindergarten from outside in
in the campaign
and meanwhile of principle in the smell
kerr gone the most important thing of a perfume
despite the fact that perfume is one of the most important things
for a woman
I'm saying that in the invisible accessory
and what gives you the personality gives you a style
and identify with perfume because everything I do is active the most important
in one thing that you do not forget
and I think that a perfume are very connected so fashion
of fashion live in constant
it evolved as
how to maintain dn this turn
transform it into something that is cutting-edge always
the head of series
lives in constant evolution
Fashion changes
changes every three months and that's
the most amazing thing I do
why does not it last
you know it does not last is a thing that is changing and that gives you
an idea of ​​what should be changing
Y
the same thing that is happening for example in love
fashion is a kind of mystery that nobody knows
but it is magical and it is necessary
because every day you dress
so fashion is with you every day of your life
good really thank you very much for being with us
and much success from scratch both in vilagarcía